Meeting 8 - Tuesday, 10 March @ Lab
- Met and discussed phase 2 components to implement
- Phase 1: needs to be more polished, Alex Danial Arsham will meet up Thursday to clean up code

Meeting 7 - Sunday, 08 March @ Bahen
- Alex, Arsham, Emily met at bahen to fix bugs
- Arsham had some parts left to complete
- Emily's components were done
- Alex's components were done (barring parts that relied on Arsham/Danial's work)
- Jonathan's UI was functional but not fully working with all parts of program
- Got UI to work with logging in a user, could not add events yet in UI

Meeting 6 - Wednesday, 04 March @ Sid Smith (after class)
- Went over new parts of design needed to implement before phase 1 due date
- Agreed to move our extension deadline to Sunday night

Meeting 5 - Tuesday, 03 March @ Lab
- Talked with Brenna TA, she gave us advice on how to simplify design
- Some overhauls needed:
- Will add a user class
- Will remove all creator classes (this can be done by Calendar)
- Added managers for alerts, events, memos, series

- New assignments:
- Alex: Calendar, user manager, user
- Danial: Data manager
- Jonathan: Interface, Main
- Emily: Event, Memo, Alert, Series

Changelog Monday 02 March 10:20pm
- Danial suggested that events should have a static variable to keep track of the number of existing events
- And that way they can assign their own ID when they are created
- instead of EventCreator keeping track and assigning them an ID

- Danial also suggested having Series/Memos/Alerts etc track the ID of the event they are associated with
- As opposed to keeping a reference to the event they are associated with

- Changes discussed over facebook chat

Meeting 4 - Monday, 02 March @ Bahen
- Jonathan was unable to attend
- Went over Alex's more developed design
- Allocated parts to work on this week before Friday
- Alex: CalendarManager, CreatorManager classes
- Danial: DatabaseManager, Event/Series/Memo/Alert Database Classes
- Emily: Event/Series/Memo/Alert base classes
- Arsham: Event/Series/Memo/Alert Creator Classes
- Jonathan's allocation TBD

- Todo: User interface @ saving/storing method not decided yet


Meeting 3 - Friday, 27 Feb (Call on Discord)
- Discussed how consolidating a design was taking too long
- Alex volunteered to put together a design based on everyone's input on Saturday
- That way the design could be complete faster and we can get to work sooner

Meeting 2 - Thursday, 26 Feb @ Bahen
- Went over everyone's A2 designs and tried to put them together

Meeting 1 - Tuesday, 24 Feb @ Lab
- Alex was unable to attend (sick)
- Group discussed their designs from Assignment 2